Machine=Campfire1|Creator=cyberjunkie

Sherlock Scenario
Alonzo Spotted Weird files on his computer and informed the newly assembled SOC Team. Assessing the situation it is believed a Kerberoasting attack may have occurred in the network. 
It is your job to confirm the findings by analyzing the provided evidence. 
You are provided with: 1- Security Logs from the Domain Controller 2- PowerShell-Operational Logs from the affected workstation 3- Prefetch Files from the affected workstation

campfire-1.zip
4 MB

Task 1

Analyzing Domain Controller Security Logs, can you confirm the date & time when the kerberoasting activity occurred?
I filtered for Event ID 4769 and then looked for any events where the service name is neither "krbtgt" nor ends with a "$" (like "DC01$"). 
I made sure the ticket type was 0x17, which corresponds to RC4 type encryption. The failure code had to be 0x0. 
The event that matched all of these conditions provided details about the kerberoasting attack activity.
[2024-05-21 03:18:09]

Task 2

What is the Service Name that was targeted?
Part of the same event log.
[MSSQLService]

Task 3

It is really important to identify the Workstation from which this activity occurred. What is the IP Address of the workstation?
All part of the same event log.
[172.17.79.129]

Task 4

Now that we have identified the workstation, a triage including PowerShell logs and Prefetch files are provided to you for some deeper insights so we can understand how this activity occurred on the endpoint. What is the name of the file used to Enumerate Active directory objects and possibly find Kerberoastable accounts in the network?
Viewable from within the powershell event log.
[powerview.ps1]

Task 5

When was this script executed?
Same event log, except where the event id is powershell event 4104 and the payload contains the title of the file.
[2024-05-21 03:16:32]


Task 6

What is the full path of the tool used to perform the actual kerberoasting attack?
I parsed the prefetch files using the PEcmd Tool by Eric Zimmerman. To do this, I ran the command:
Pecmd.exe -d "Path of prefetchArtifacts" --csv . --csvf result.csv.

This command created a CSV file called result.csv in the current directory where I was running the CLI tool. Then, I opened the CSV file in the Timeline Explorer tool, which is another tool by Eric Zimmerman. 
I looked through the entries for any executables that were run around the timeline I had already established. One specific tool name stood out to me. 
To get the path, I navigated to the Files Loaded column and double-clicked the value. This gave me a list of files interacted with by the executable, including the full path.
[C:\Users\Alonzo.spire\Downloads\Rubeus.exe]

Task 7

When was the tool executed to dump credentials?
Same event file line:
[2024-05-21 03:18:08]
